With the serverless framework,
I've already created most of the API Gateway methods and
resources needed for our application to function.
But I left one unconfigured so we could get some hands‑on experience with it.
Open up the AWS console in your browser and
navigate to the API Gateway dashboard.
Click on the dev‑trash‑panda‑buffet REST API.
You'll already see the endpoints that have been previously configured here.
We're going to create an endpoint for the saveAction lambda that
sends players' choices down to a Kinesis Stream.
We first need to create the action resource.
Select the root / resource,
and then click the Actions drop‑down and select Create Resource.
In the Resource Name section, type Action.
This should also populate the resource path with the same thing,
which is what we want.
Now click Create Resource.
Next, we'll create the method.
It will be a POST since this is new data being sent in.
With the action resource selected,
click the Actions drop‑down and select Create Method.
There will be a small drop‑down pop up under the
action resource. In this drop‑down, select the POST method.
Then, click the checkbox button next to it.
Now we'll add some more details about the method.
The lambda function integration type should already be selected,
which is correct since we want to invoke the saveAction lambda
whenever this endpoint is called.
Now check the Use Lambda Proxy integration checkbox. This will give our
lambda function all of the request data in the event, but also require the
lambda to return a complete HTTP response understood by API Gateway. The
code I've written for the lambda is already doing this. So, we just need to
check this checkbox to make it work. Ensure the region selected is where
you deployed the demo application. Then start typing trash in the Lambda
Function input box to see some autocomplete options. Select the lambda
ending in saveAction and then click Save. You should see a pop‑up about
giving the API Gateway permission to invoke your lambda.
This is going to change your lambda so it accepts triggers
from this API Gateway method. Click OK, and you will land on
the method configuration screen.
At this point, we're almost done.
The last step is to tell the method that there will be
query parameters to expect on the endpoint,
which is how our demo client is sending action data down.
This is done in the Method Request section, so click this title
header. Expand the URL Query String Parameters section.
Now click the Add query string link.
The only thing you need to add here is just the query parameter key.
First, add the parameter gameId in camelCase and then click the check button.
Now, add another parameter and call it foodItemId, also in camelCase. And
finally, add one more parameter called trashPandaId in camelCase. And these
three will make up all the pieces of data that we need to know about an action
a player has taken in the game.
We could make them required by selecting the
checkboxes here, but that's up to you.
If you were to make it required,
you'd have to select the request validator for query parameters located here.
The final step is to deploy these changes. Click the Actions
drop‑down and select Deploy API. Select dev for the
deployment stage, and then click Deploy.
Now your action endpoint is ready to invoke the saveAction lambda when
executed. You can also confirm the setup by taking a look at the
saveAction lambda detail. By selecting the API Gateway resource in the
designer, you can view the information about the REST API and method used
to invoke this lambda. This all seems well and good, but now you have a
completely open API endpoint with no authentication. Doesn't sound too
safe, does it?
In the next video, let's take a look at how we can add some security to our API Gateway endpoints.